As a reminder, there will be two
types of visuals that you see.
One is a complex scene and the
other is wordless picture book.
OK, and this item is a story of
wordless picture book. So please
describe what you see and what
is happening as thoroughly as
you can and take around 10 to 15
minutes, but I'll be looking at
the time.
To go, OK, where you ready? You
can start. Sounds good. {FULL
CHAPTER 4 So this story begins
with the image of a pot that
looks like it's made of
terracotta. And as it slowly
zooms out, the pot gets a little
smaller and it looks like it's
on the outer side of a window
sill. And as we come to the next
scene, we see a gentleman in bed
waking up. He's rubbing his eyes
to the dim sunlight as he wakes
up.
And his small little creature
that looks like the mixture of
an axolotl and a rat, but about
the size of a cat, hops onto his
lap and he looks down at it. And
then he begins to rub his little
bald head and he gets up and he
starts to get dressed. So he
buttons up his white collared
button shirt.
And he begins to prepare himself
some food, so he's chopping what
looks like to be some sort of
pepper dragon fruit hybrid.
But with a knife and a little
piece of parchment it looks like
and he's sitting at a counter
and he has his food on a plate
on the corner of the counter
with the knife on the edge {and
sorry my cat}. And he then gives
a small piece to his little pet.
He then gets himself ready for
the rest of the day so he puts
on a dark colored vest and a
dark suit coat and his little.
axolotl cat friend gives him
his.
Kind of 1950s gangster hat. I
don't know what those hats are
called, but 1950s gangster hat,
which matches his suit coat,
yes.
So now he enters what looks like
kind of.
The busy section of like a
midtown or at downtown, there
are banners in the sky. It's
kind of a hazy image, just kind
of giving you the setting.
There's people walking
everywhere in different clothes.
They are silhouetted and you see
that a lot of these people have
companions with them similar to
the companion that he does. So
one man looks like he's got what
looks like a duck, the other has
a little bird like creature, and
there are some flying creatures
that look like large dragonflies
in the sky.
And after he makes his way
through the square as he
continues to walk.
There look to be men working on
something and some sort of
factory. There's kind of tall
buildings. They almost look like
reactors from a nuclear power
plant. We see another man who's
feeding some sort of.
Um, like fish or animals out of
a Wicker basket while wearing a.
Like a straw hat.
We see another person selling
goods over a counter to a woman.
We see someone who looks like
they're making tapestries or
some sort of pottery. It's kind
of hard to tell.
And then we see a gentleman up
on a high ladder who is painting
the side of the building, and we
see a woman who is.
Doing something on the top of
kind of like a four wheeled
wagon that has a box out of it.
So we kind of come back to our
main character, the man who is
dressed in some dark clothes
with his little friend, and he
approaches a person in the
doorway who looks like a chef.
He's wearing a white apron that
has some tool sticking out of
it. He's got a bowl under his
right arm with a spatula in it,
and he's got a pointy little
hat.
Uh.
He then continues on, so it
seems like he's working his way
through the town getting his
morning chores done.
So we assume that he left.
Seeing that chef, he moves on to
his next stop, which is looks
like a man who operates a
boiler, and the boiler man has
his own little pet. It's kind of
like a little crocodile who's
holding a wrench in his mouth
and they're having a
conversation. The boiler
operator wears glasses and kind
of like a Peaky Blinders style
hat.
He moves on to see what looks
almost like an apothecary of
some sorts.
Uh, got a lot of products on the
shelf.
Behind this woman who's kind of
dressed in a little bit of a
black coat cloak. She's got dark
hair and it's hard to tell if
they're having a a decent
conversation or if there's maybe
a little bit of an argument just
because the woman has her hands
up, maybe in a defensive manner.
Or maybe she's just trying to
explain something and her face
doesn't look angry. It just
looks like maybe there was a
misunderstanding in the in the
conversation.
And there's little bowls in this
apothecary on the counter that
all have these small little
black creatures kind of peering
out of them. And we don't know
if they're alive or if they're
dead, but they are just kind of
looking out at the man. And then
he continues, on his day, he
gets to be underneath what looks
like a large ship.
It's got a massive propeller
that's suspended in the air and
there are people working on
their ship you can see like
ropes and cables dangling from
it, men working underneath,
sweeping, carrying different
supplies.
And it looks like there are
other ships like these in the
background, so we assume that
these are kind of their main
source of transportation in this
area.
So now that the man kind of got
all of his morning errands and
talking to the different
villagers he was seeing, he
takes a break on the side of the
building on a small wooden
bench. He sits down, takes off
his hat and wipes his forehead.
He looks over to his little pet
and his pet kind of scurries off
and he's like, hey.
Where you going? So he gets up
and he kind of follows him and
the pet leads him to this man
who is putting up a poster on
the side of the wall.
Our main character approaches
the man who's putting up the
poster and taps him on the
shoulder and.
Ask them a question. Looks like
he asked, you know, what is this
all about? What does it mean?
And the man who's putting up the
poster pauses for a minute.
That's his hand on his chin. And
then he goes on to kind of
explain.
Hard to tell how much the man
knows about what the posters
he's putting up about, but he
does give a quick explanation.
It looks like they came to some
sort of agreement as they shake
hands.
And it looks like now.
Our character is helping to put
up these posters so it looks
like they made a deal.
So he walks off, he takes sorry,
I was just trying to figure out
what I was looking at. He takes
off his suit coat and he starts
dipping a paintbrush into a
paint bucket, which we assume is
glue, and he starts to plaster
these.
Pictures up on the wall and his
little friend is helping by
holding him in his mouth and he
goes around the city and it's
putting him up.
Looks like the same gentleman
from earlier who had originally
given in the poster approaches
him and kind of talks him about
the painting again and we see or
the poster and we see that the
posters of some sort of symbol,
but we don't know what this
symbol means, so.
My dog apparently needs to be on
my lap.
Alright, so we're continuing on,
looks like the man is done
putting up posters and he's
continuing through the market.
He gets to what looks like.
I don't know. Maybe like a
roaster or like cheeses?
Um, this woman is giving large
baskets of goods to gentlemen,
and he goes up to her and starts
talking to her, and she shows
him.
One of the items, they're
looking at it and then she shows
him a map and she starts
pointing on the map as OK Ali.
On the map.
And she shows him the number 7
on her fingers. And we don't
really know what this means yet,
but they shake hands so they
appear to have come to an
agreement, or he's thanking her.
And as he leaves with his basket
of goods that she gave him, she
points him in the right
direction. And so now he is
walking down the street holding
the basket.
And carrying the map in one
hand. And he's also looking at
the different items that he gave
her and he comes to a wall
that's kind of plastered with
all different sorts of images
and posters and things. It
almost reminds me of what you
see when there's like a a
natural disaster and people are
looking for missing people. It's
kind of that many posters all in
one area.
So then he comes to something
different and I'm not sure if
this is the present or if this
is the past because the color of
the image turned from a sepia
tone to more of a grayscale. So
I think that has some sort of
significance to the story. But
we see the a gentleman, we don't
know who the head, we cannot see
at a counter with what looks
like salt and pepper shakers.
Filled with salt, mostly. Don't
see Pepper, but he's picking
them up and putting them inside
a little metal funnel.
Um.
And more of them keep appearing.
So it almost seems like it's a
conveyor belt of sorts. So
that's where the story headed
next.
And now we're back in the sepia
tone and we're back to the
gentleman. And he has.
Um, boxes of things. And he's at
a wall that has images on it,
but there's also holes in the
wall.
Almost like bricks are pulled
out and so you can put something
inside.
But there's a little sliding
door.
That some of these holes. And so
he opens one of the sliding
doors and puts what looks like,
like a Chinese takeout box with
a symbol on the side inside of
one of these sliding doors. And
he does the same with another
box that's a little higher. And
then he carries on his way and
he exits through a gate that has
some writing on it.
And he leaves with his little
pet and then all of a sudden a
large.
Bird slash lizard like creature
kind of comes out of nowhere and
the man drops his basket of
things.
And the lizard is that.
The opening of the gate that he
had just exited from, and the
man and his pet are running away
from it and now we are back in
the grayscale and it is indeed a
factory. You see large gears and
you just see rows upon rows of
people kind of packed in there
tightly, all working on the same
well, looks like salt and pepper
shakers.
So yeah, doesn't look like the
best working situation.
And then we are now at a scene,
still in the grayscale, of a
person's hand holding a cup, and
we see another hand reaching out
to grab it, and we see someone
pouring a liquid out of.
A beaker? No, it's a flask. I
don't remember my chemistry.
I'll like, what's the different
glassware it's called, but it's
like the kind of triangular
shaped one that's cylindrical at
the bottom, but it gets narrow
at the top and a liquid is being
poured from it. And there's an
elderly man who's holding this
liquid, and he's wearing a white
collared shirt that's buttoned
all the way up to the top, and
then he's got kind of what looks
like.
Like a Wizards cap on, but it's
white, and he and this gentleman
kind of cheers.
And it looks like the gentleman
says something to the old man,
and he didn't quite catch it, so
he holds his hand up behind his
ear to kind of indicate like,
hey, I didn't hear you. And he
looks a little confused and then
a little taken aback by whatever
the man said.
And then we see him kind of pick
up one of the salt shakers.
Or whatever it is. I don't think
it's a salt shaker anymore. It
looks like it can squish. So
whatever this item is, he picks
it up and squeezes it and now we
are again at a different scene.
So this scene involves someone
who is dressed like a soldier.
Into marrying kind of.
A large woolen like a Winter
Soldier coat from the olden days
that's got a big collar and he's
holding a flower. A small white
looks like a Daisy. He's looking
at the flower. He looks up.
And we see him wave, and then we
see who he's waving to. And
there's a woman in the window
who's dropping these flowers,
and it zooms in on her face, and
it zooms in on the flowers and
then kind of zooms out and we
see her.
Kind of raining these flowers
on.
Not a pack of soldiers, but.
It's like a battalion of
soldiers marching through the
streets and so they all are just
the same and they all have these
pointy hats on as they walk
through the street.
Now we kind of zoom out even
further and we see that they're
leaving what looks like a town.
Umm.
Looks like a country town in a
way. There's kind of rolling
hills in the background, a clock
tower and then just various like
brick and stone buildings with
little flags on top and the the
road is made of what looks like
cobblestones and we see.
But I assume it's like the
general at the front who's
holding a weapon over his
shoulder as he marches, a
gentleman with a large space
drum.
And then the rest of the
battalion is kind of following
behind.
Then we kind of zoom in on their
feet. We'll see where they're
walking. So it goes from like
cobblestone to stone to stand to
stones on sand, to stones that
look like they're moving
upwards. So they're climbing.
And then it turns kind of more
into like a Cliff that they're
going through. And then it's
water, then it's like river rock
that looks slippery and then.
A different train and then they
start to run. So they're their
legs are getting faster and it
looks like they're really
starting to Sprint and it seems
more so like they're running
from something than they're
going somewhere.
So the scene starts to get
really dark and we see these
soldiers.
Running in a a dismal.
Backgrounds. There's a large
puffy cloud, and at the top it's
still got some lightness to it,
but at the bottom it's a very
dark Gray, like a large storm is
coming. And then the ground
where they're running looks like
it's kind of ablaze with fire in
the background. So they're
backlit and all the soldiers are
silhouettes and they're running
with their their guns, and they
have bayonets on the end. And
then we see an image of piles of
skeleton bones.
Of human bones.
Kind of scattered about in what
looks like a mass grave or a
field or something.
Now we kind of come to what
looks like the story of one of
these soldiers. He's missing his
right leg, and so he's got a
pair of crutches and his right
leg is bandaged at where the
knee is. And the little piece of
bandage dangles down and he's
kind of hobbling on his crutches
and he falls over. He goes and
he gets himself back up and he
keeps going. And then we see
what he's approaching and he's
approaching the ruins of the.
Village they had previously
left, and so it's no longer.
Um, kind of this nice country
village with flags and pretty
brick and cobblestone buildings.
It's it looks like it's been
bombed. There's smoke kind of
still billowing out of places,
all the windows are blown out,
there's no roofs on everything,
and everything is kind of a
whitish Gray, as if it were
covered in ash.
So now we're kind of back to
that old man, and it almost
seems like that old man is the
one who is telling the story of
this. But we don't know that for
sure. That's just me making an
assumption. But we're back to
the old man who had poured
something from the beaker to
that other gentleman.
And we see the back of his head
and he turns around and he pulls
out what looks like a pocket
watch, looks at it.
Just talking to the man and
point them in One Direction.
That man goes and he gets his
coat and his hat. He punches
out. I'm using one of those old
time punchers that's still the
piece of paper that you slide
in. And then he and his little
creature start walking and they
go to what looks like a ticket
booth for something. So there's
a rope and there's a long line
of people and there's two
windows.
And he pulled out a stack of
paper money.
And we see that he has the old
man with him.
Who now has a jacket on as well,
and we're not entirely sure
where they're going, but they
come to a large archway.
And then we see it looks like
it's the exit of a big building
in the middle of a city.
We see the two of them.
Locking along. It's far away,
but it almost looks as if the
old man's right leg is skinnier
than left, and that makes me
think that maybe this is the man
from the story. But now he has a
prosthetic on that leg.
So.
We see the old man kind of pick
something up and then he reaches
into his pocket and he's got
himself a little creature and it
looks like.
Like it fits in the palm of his
hand and it looks lizardfish,
but then it kind of takes flight
out of his hand and almost looks
like a fish that's flying
through the sky. And the other
man looks up, kind of Shields
his eyes from the sun so we can
watch it fly around.
So now we're kind of the the two
men are in a field, and there's
more of these little creatures.
There's.
It looks like these creatures
come from this leaf like plant
that's kind of along the side of
the field and as they're walking
you can kind of see these little
fish birds flying around and
there's a big ball of light in
the sky that.
Looks like the sun, but.
Like drawn and it's got.
Like a Halo of light around it.
And it gets bigger as they keep
walking.
So now the men, as they're
walking, seem to come across
three additional people.
They seem friendly because
they're waving their arms at
them as they approach, and as
they get closer, they.
Introduce themselves.
They're talking, they're shaking
hands. The three men all have
little pets, so one looks like a
hedgehog or something, the other
one looks like a Chipmunk, 1
looks like a raccoon, and then
the other one is some sort of
bird.
And the men then looked like
either give or receive something
to the other men.
Umm.
It looks like it's a ball to a
game and it looks, it's about
the size of like a bocci ball.
And there are these little cones
set up and so it looks like
they're going to play this game
on top of this little hill.
And so it kind of zooms out and
you can see that they're in like
a rolling field, almost like
like Switzerland, but hills
instead of mountains. And
they're at the top one, and
they're playing this game with
balls and cones as their little
animals watch on. And there's
five of them total.}
Thank you for that. So now we
move on to the next item.
It's a longer story, so you can
include fewer details.
Yeah. And then whenever you're
ready, you can start, OK?
#START_wanderer So this story is
about 2 characters. One is a
man.
Who is dressed like an average
person and then the other is a
man who's kind of dressed like a
demon or something. He's got a
black outfit that has a white
horn coming out of the top and
then a long black cloak and they
are on what looks like a giant
post-it pad. And so they peel
off a piece of paper and they
start to fold it and they fold
it into a paper boat and then it
looks like they get.
Onto this boat and they are on
the water.
And they start to approach this
large magnificent ship that has
like big building circular
sails, a submarine component to
it and what looks like kind of a
tall house slash apartment
building on the back of it. And
so it's it's really large,
complex and their small paper
boat looks miniscule compared to
the size of the ship.
So they're on the water. It's
pretty choppy and there's a
bunch of sea birds flying around
that have black wings and are
predominantly white, and their
boat is just kind of floating
through the water.
And they aren't on the boat, I
realized. So it's just the
little boat. And they are not on
the boat, and some different sea
creatures start to notice the
boat. So there's a couple sea
turtles that have a checkered
pattern on their back, and then
there's what looks like some
sort of whale who kind of
splashes up against the boat.
We see that it's a killer whale
and the boat kind of gets caught
on its dorsal fin and we get a
glimpse at the underwater world.
So we're by a coral reef we see.
Swordfish that has a couple of
fish skewered on the end of its
sword, some schools of fish,
some anemone, and it's all very
like circular and flowy.
The we get another image of the
coral reef as the little paper
boat continues to float on top
of the water, so it's just more
like tropical looking fish.
Different plants, different sea
life.
And schools of fish swimming
around.
OK, maybe they are on the boat.
So we see that there's like a
little squid like guy who
attaches himself to the bottom
of the boat and then we see what
look like.
Not like they're like fish
people, so they have fish heads,
but like.
Lizard bodies almost and they're
kissing. And then we see
additional fish and on the next
page we do see a fishing pole.
Um, hang out the side of the
paper boat and it's dangling
down into the water and one of
the fish is caught on it, and
then we see one of those fish
people holding a pair of
scissors looking at the line.
So these fish kind of have
awareness it seems like.
So the fish kind of work
together and one of the bigger
fish takes a smaller fish who's
wearing a similar.
Paper folding on his head like a
hat. And the fish that's
wearing, that is.
Like a seahorse. So the one fish
kind of has the seahorse on the
front of his face and pops them
out of the water so he can see
into the boat. And then that
seahorse hops into the boat, and
then a bunch of Stingrays come
and looks like a manta ray and
an eel, and the eel kind of
slither slithers up and tucks
his head into the tip of the
boat.
The boat continues on top of the
water and they come to what
looks like a little.
Vegetation spot. There's some
small little plant sticking out
of the water that have little
petals and then there's like a
large tree slash Bush like
structure that has what look
like white cranes, a bunch of
them sitting in various areas of
this large vegetation.
So the boat kind of works its
way into the vegetation. We see
that they're individual plants
that kind of anchor themselves
down into the water. So it's a
little shallower here and the
root systems.
Kind of look like if you were to
build like a structure out of
sticks and like stack them up
together into like a triangular
pattern, they're just kind of
all coming together at the top
and then the.
Bush.
Sprouts out from there and then
we just kind of see the boat
getting further into this
vegetation and the little fish
are still under the water
looking on and there's a large
school of fish as well.
So as they get deeper into this
vegetation, it gets a little
darker.
And we see a small bird and then
we see a lot of creatures with
kind of glowing eyes. Some of
them look like.
Lizards, and some of them look
like birds, but it's definitely
a lot darker in here than it was
when they were outside of this
vegetation patch.
And the little seahorse is still
on this boat.
So they come out the other side
and we see another.
And a hybrid creature.
This one, I don't know what kind
of fish that is, but he's got
like polka dots and then like
some.
wavy dorsal fins on the back and
then a lizard like body and he's
riding like a shrimp or a
lobster like a horse.
And they continue on, and the
little seahorse jumps out of the
ship and loses his hat.
But he is with some other
seahorses and so it looks like
the boat is going to continue on
without him.
Um, the boat does continue on
and we come across a large
whale. The top of his head is
sticking out of the water and
there are some birds on it and
it looks like he's smoking a
pipe out of his blowhole.
Umm, it's kind of dopey looking
and there are some fish swimming
around and the boat just
continues on and then we see
like it looks like a large
anglerfish mixed with Godzilla.
Like it's got the teeth of an
anglerfish. It's got the little
light bulb thing that an
anglerfish has, but it's got.
The body of Godzilla, and it's
big and it's standing on top of
a pile of a bunch of wrecked
ships and it's almost got like
little barnacles and things
sticking out of its back, but
the boat is going right towards
its face.
Um, so.
The boat continues on. There's a
lot of other kind of bizarre
creatures, and it looks like the
sun is starting to set. You can
see it just dipping over the
horizon in the background and
the moon is kind of coming up.
Um, and we get a glimpse at even
more creatures. And they're all
kind of like combination of land
and sea creatures. So we see
like a Jaguar that has like
little fin like.
Projections coming out of its
hands. And then we see an
elephant whose ears look more
like the fins of a fish.
You see a a horse with like
octopus tentacle body and like a
zebra. So there's just a bunch
of these kind of combination
creatures all popping out of the
water and one of them is looks
like a black cat or like a
lemur.
And it's hopping into the paper
boat.
And the boat continues on and
it's night time now.
And the moon changed phases,
which is interesting. It used to
be a full moon and now it's a
crescent moon, but you can see
the Milky Way in the sky and
there's a lot of stars and the
boat is floating on top of water
and underneath the water you can
just see the glow of all these
eyes.
And you see a bunch of like,
little bodies of creatures kind
of gathering underneath where
the boat are. And it's very it's
kind of ominous looking with
this little white boat and all
these glowing eyes and bodies
underneath the surface as it
floats around in the dark.
So.
Whatever those little creatures
were, they they must have
surfaced. And they come up to
this boat and we see that it's
kind of like a school of fish.
And they all just kind of
surround the boat as if.
Um, it almost looks like a mosh
pit. Like there's one person in
the middle and then the rest are
surrounding the boat.
But they leave it alone. They,
you know, check it out and
they're like, not that
interesting. And the boat
continues on and we see that
there are some Northern Lights
in the sky now over the water.
And the boat comes across a very
large iceberg. So this iceberg
is like.
Stories high and like blocks
wide. It's very large and
slightly angled, so it's not
perfect.
The boat continues on and it
comes to what looked like some
like sea caves or maybe lava
tube tunnels.
There's.
Like some floating ice in the
water. So we kind of can maybe
assume maybe well no there's
lava, there's volcanoes up
there, but the the boat makes
its way into the tunnels and
it's circular and there's arches
and.
Yeah, just very cavernous.
The boat exits the little tunnel
area and it comes out to the
side of a Cliff, which looks
like it's made of ice.
And we see kind of a tendril
stick out of the water, almost
like a desk lamp, and it shines
a light on the boat. So the boat
is in the spotlight and then a
large creature comes out of the
water wearing.
Like an old school scuba diver
outfit, it's got like the big
metal helmet that sits on your
shoulders.
There's like a tank on his back
and.
This thing doesn't look human,
but it does at the same time.
But it's got like.
Little fin things for hands, and
it's got a tail, so we know that
it's some sort of sea creature.
There's water pouring from its
eyes and then it's holding the
paper boat in its hand.
Let it go. Just looked at it,
OK. We see that the, the little
tendril with the light is kind
of dipping back down into the
water and then we start to see
large ships. These look like...
The other ship that we saw
before was made of wood and it
was more like.
I don't know colonial like.
The bees are more like.
Battalion are like shipment
ships made of metal.
And.
And or like I guess they're
fishing ships because there's
large Nets dangling on the side
and they look like they're full
of ships or not full of ships
full of fish. And then there's
large billows of smoke coming
out of the smokestacks and our
little boat is just kind of
again towered over by these
massive ships.
And the boat continues on.
There's some little white birds
flying in the sky and then
there's this structure kind of
in the middle of the sea on
three large pedestal.
And we see that it looks like
almost like a factory, and
there's some sort of sea
creature caught on the end of
the crane, and it's hanging over
the ocean by its tail.
This little boat is just kind of
approaching whatever this
structure might be.
So gets close to there and.
Something that's at this
structure starts shooting at it.
There's like a row of windows
that go up vertically, and out
of each of these there's either
a person or a creature with a
gun. And so they're they're
shooting out of it.
And then um.
There's a.
Creature on some sort of device
that like pedals its way through
the water. It almost looks like
a rocket and someone is standing
on the end of it and like a.
A radiation suit with a helmet
that's glowing and there is a
life preserver.
one that looks like orange
circular ones.
Inside the side of.
The paper boat that looks like
it's been hit by one of the
shots from people who were
shooting.
It seems like whoever that
person was in the radiation suit
is kind of helping the paper
boat.
It's got them tied.
And it's following them and then
there's like.
A large conch shell filled with
a bunch of creatures.
One is like a horse. That
speckled one is.
Some sort of stag. One is
Like a cat and then a couple of
others that you can't really
tell they are. And then we see
in the crow's nest that there
is.
One of the people from the
beginning, and it's the one that
looks like a demon and a black
outfit, so he's in the crow nest
crow's nest overlooking.
um the injured paper boat.
Then we see a large wave come
and the paper boat gets scooped
up and it's making kind of like
a tunnel that a surfer would
really enjoy.
And we see that the sail of the
conch shell ship that our
Character in Black is on, has
broken and so there's some
creatures trying to hold it
together. And then we also see
our creature in black folding a
paper airplane and is getting
ready to throw it towards the
the little paper boat that is
heading towards being upside
down in the water.
So a strike of lightning hits
the water and we see the paper
airplane kind of soaring through
the air.
Then we kind of come the the
boat is still floating and there
are these like.
It looks like.
Like like an eel, but it's
wiggly all over and so it's
creating like little.
Archways all over the water and
the boat is going underneath one
and then we see that like a
little.
mouth at the end, caught the
paper airplane from one of these
eels.
And then it seems like the mouth
is or like the head of this
creature is looking for the the
paper boat. The paper boat is
still kind of working its way
through all the archways of its
body, and it's coming out the
other end and there's like an
alligator with a narwhal horn
and then like a crocodile at the
end, but it's not quite out of
archways yet.
And then?
It made it out and.
The creature with a narwhal horn
is like.
Shooting some liquid out of its
nostrils and it's filling up the
paper boat.
We see another fish.
Lizard combination creature
standing on what looks like a
sandbank and there's a lot of
like debris and litter collected
on it and it's overlooking.
Um, the paper boat sinking. And
so you see the end of it kind of
sticking up out of the water.
So it's floating down into the
ocean right now. It's kind of
floating in.
What do they call like a group
of jellyfish? A pot of a pot of
jellyfish? I don't know, but
it's floating in a group of
jellyfish. Most of them are all
like clear jellies, but there is
one large Jelly that's striped
and has like large.
Tentacle things dangling down
from it.
And it gets through that and
it's floating deeper or sinking
deeper into the ocean. Right now
it's in an area that not a lot
of light is penetrating. So we
see a school of fish that have
glowing eyes and we see another
fish that's glowing. And then we
see like an octopus and some
little alien like creatures and
it keeps sinking deeper it
seems.
Then it's getting down towards
the bottom and it's being
crawled upon by like little.
Sea slugs with legs and tendril
sticking out of them, and
there's a large light that's
suddenly shining on it like a
spotlight and all of a sudden
this.
Checkered submarine and it comes
out of nowhere and scoops up.
The paper boat and has it on the
tip of its nose basically as it
looks like it's heading upwards
with the light leading the way
and then it gets to the surface.
Umm.
There's some little fish and.
The paper boat dumps out the
water that was in it.
And then we see a a smaller kind
of.
Well, it looks like maybe a
wooden ship, but maybe it could
be made of metal. But it's small
and it looks like a small
fishing boat of sorts being
attacked by a giant squid, and
the paper boat just kind of
floats away from there.
So the paper boat continues on
it comes across some seal allows
aren't sea lions, those are
seals. These are different.
Comes across some seals and one
of the seals is balancing the
paper boat on its nose.
Um.
And we just kind of see like a
kelp forest of different
creatures and more seals and
fish kind of coming out of it.
And the boat continues on its
travels, so it's going over that
kelp forest now.
There's like.
A cuttlefish and.
Some eels and some jellyfish.
It's different rays and the
bunch of different creatures.
And then there's.
Some it looks like a human
wearing one of those old school
scuba diving helmets, and it
looks like it has like an oyster
propped open with a metal device
and it's stealing the Pearl.
From there.
And the boat just keeps moving
on.
So now the boat kind of
approaches one of those larger
buoys that has a light on top of
it, and the bottom is red. The
top is red, but the middle is
white, so it's striped, and the
man who had stolen the Pearl is
riding some sort of creature and
has the Pearl in a basket.
And it kind of floats past
there. And then it comes across
a lighthouse that is also
striped like a candy cane all
the way up.
And both of these lighted
objects have light bulbs that
are similar to like Edison
bulbs. So they're old school
light bulbs.
And this lighthouse is on an
island that has like it looks
like some bushes or rocks, hard
to tell. And there's a girl
standing on the island with
large ships in the background.
So we're kind of coming across
what looks like more of human
structures and the boat is
floating under a long pier and
this pier jets out.
For a long time. And then it's
circular at the end, and it has
a building on it that is
circular all the way around,
that has like arched windows
around it and it comes to a
point.
And there are ships.
Sailed chips and motored ships
and we see the boat just kind of
floating past and there's still
fish in the water and some water
vegetation underneath the
surface.
So boat continues on. It's going
past a really large ship that
kind of overshadows it.
There's a smaller ship behind
it.
And the break of the large ship
kind of creates a hump that the
small paper boat has to go over,
and in the background we can
kind of see a cityscape.
Of some sort.
So the little boat keeps going
and we see.
That that whale from earlier and
it's wearing a suit that must
keep it wet because it has a
shower head at the top that's
pouring water on it.
Um.
And we see a large ship and some
people in like a small like
dingy motorboat.
There's like what looks like a
cherry picker that's going up
and talking to the whale, and
the paper boat just keeps kind
of moving its way along the edge
of the harbor. So there's like a
brick wall that's tall where the
water is down at the bottom and
there's a bunch of people
standing on the top.
The boat continues to float on
and we see more.
Ships. We see some people
working on a small wooden boat.
We see a bunch of cranes in the
background so it looks like an
industrial area, and the little
paper boat keeps on moving. And
then we come across what looks
like.
A suit of some sort or some sort
of ship. But at the top there's
like a glass globe, and there
are two people inside of that
glass globe. And then there's a
wall made of brick, and there's
a stairwell at the bottom that
kind of leads into the water,
and at the top there's a
doorway.
The boat keeps going and we see.
it comes up.
To one boat, and it's kind of
like a human is looking at it,
and the human has in its net a
large sea creature, maybe two of
them. And if we see that, it
looks like the sea creatures
that had helped.
The boat earlier it's the
narwhal alligator and the other
like alligator type thing that
has a saw for a face.
And then it continues on and it
comes to another brick wall and
at the bottom of the stairs of
this one there's a person. And
so the boat is kind of stopped
at.
This wall by this person.
And then we kind of zoom out and
we get an idea for like the
whole city. So it's a city
that's a mixture of.
Um domed roofs and like cone
shaped roofs and then like a
couple normal sloped roofs and
pointed roofs.
And then there are these bridges
that go over the waterway that
look like they're also housing
units and they're arched, so
they're not the most practical
and we see.
The creature in the air that we
had seen previously that was
standing on the island with the
debris and it's using some sort
of like.
Propeller thing to kind of keep
it in the air. It's leaning off
the building and we just see
the.
The paper boat kind of going
through the canal of the city.
So continues on. There's a bunch
of creatures. There's the man in
the.
Scuba suit and we see like the
conch shell ship again and we
see the character from the
beginning.
The dark character who's wearing
the cloak, riding a horse at the
top of the stairs and the boat
kind of continues out in the
alleyway or the waterway.
Umm.
Just kind of going past.
The different creatures and it's
underneath all these art toys
that go over the waterway.
It's.
So the boat keeps going, it's
night time, there's some fish
looking on. It looks like it
goes past like a submarine and
then a small fishing boat and it
looks like it's kind of coming
to the edge of the city. So it's
more town like over here than it
is deep city dwelling.
And the boat continues. So it's
definitely a little more open
water now.
And it's coming up to a small
house that's white, and it's got
like a small.
Street light outside of it, and
it's sitting on top of a brick
wall made of brick, and the boat
kind of gets up to it.
And we see.
A creature kind of appearing
from the boat. So at first it's
kind of translucent, you don't
see it fully, and then as it
exits the boat it becomes more.
Opaque and whole, but the more
that that the person becomes
whole, the boat becomes less and
so they're kind of swapping
where the the boat you could see
before.
So you can see the person and
now you can see the person, but
you can't see the boat. And the
person is now climbing to the
top of the stairs and there's a
pair of feet waiting at the top
of the stairs and the person is
in black and kind of looks like
it has like white markings all
over.
And then the person at the top
of the stairs is in white.
#END_wanderer
Right. That was a really long
item. Let's take a break.
Drink some water. Yes, we'll
come back at 9:00 o'clock, OK.
OK, we're moving on to the next
item, which will be a complex
scene.
Yeah.
Just go for it. Whenever yes, go
for it. Describe it and.
Detail with what you see and
what is happening.
#START_ancient_rome OK, so we
have a scene here that is what
looks like a circus ring.
So there's a large circular pit,
and the walls are made of white,
and they're decorated with a
pale pink decoration. So there's
like kind of pink draping and
pink molding that surrounds it.
And then there's a white banner
that has pink on it as well over
a doorway.
And I take it back that this is
circus. This looks like like a
lion ring or something like
where you would go for battle.
So the there's a doorway in the
top right hand area of this deep
circle and it's got like a gate
that comes down and so it's open
and there's a lion coming out of
it. And so the, the floor of
this ring is made of sand and
then.
On the outskirts of the rain,
you can see that there's like
stands for people to watch. And
so on the bottom there's a bunch
of what looked like civilians in
a bunch of different clothes
watching and cheering. And then
in the upper right there's what
looks like some royalty and
maybe like a guard. And so you
see a person sitting on like a
comfortable plush chair. And
then there's guard in red, blue
and yellow with like golden
helmets and red feathers
sticking out.
All around and then.
To the left of that, there's
more people in the stands. And
then to even further left of
that, the stands are empty and
kind of chaotic. And there's
like clothing items and shoes
and pieces of things left
everywhere. Because at the
bottom of the pit there's a pile
of lions and they had escaped
and run up this area of the
crowd. And so you can see that
there's some blood dripping down
from places and you.
Just see two lions kind of
running through the crowd over
there.
In the pit you can see people as
well as lions and you see what
look like either cheetahs or
Jaguar or some sort of leopard.
There are horses that are
pulling Chariots. There's a
couple tigers, maybe.
And there are people uh wearing
different things, and so the
people inside the pits are
wearing mostly.
Um, just bottoms. So we have
like brown bottoms, red bottoms,
but there isn't like a lot of
armor or anything.
And then some of them have long
like javelin Spears.
And there are Chariots all
around without.
Rider. Well, there's one shirt
without a rider. There's one
chariot that has a horse inside
the chariot, and for humans,
pulling the chariot instead.
There's a chariot that has the
rider and the four horses
pulling it.
Um.
And then, yeah, we just see kind
of a chaotic scene.
People are fighting each other,
they're fighting the lions, and
we see a couple lions, like
mauling people. We see one lion
sitting with a knife, like
licking his lips as if he's
going to eat someone. And we do
see on the upper right hand area
of this ring some people trying
to escape, so they're standing
on each other's shoulders to try
to get out.
Um.
To the left of the doorway,
there's.
Like a rope hanging down and we
see some people at the very top
of it who had managed to escape.
#END_ancient_rome
And yeah, that's it.
OK.
Next.
It's another part of the bigger
story. Again, just.
Tell it as it is. Tell it as it
is. OK, I'm making no plot to
the story because I forget what
I say in the last one. So every
story to this story is
different. OK? #START_arrival_1
OK, so here we are, starting
with the image of a family, and
we have a man on the left, a
woman on the right, and then a
small girl in the middle with
dark hair wearing a white dress,
and it's sitting on the ledge of
something. And then we see a
hand reach.
And pick up this picture.
And it looks like they're
wrapping this picture up and a
piece of cloth or some paper,
it's white, and then they tie it
together with a piece of string.
And put it inside of a suitcase.
And they strapped the suitcase
closed with a belt, like a
leather belt and a buckle, and
they kind of pressed their hands
on it like lovingly, as if
they're really wanting to keep
this image safe.
And then we see a folded paper
origami bird, an old school like
clock that looks like it needs
to be wound so it's not battery
or electricity powered and it's
got a curved top and Roman
numeral numbers. We see a Black
Hat hanging on a hook and.
White piece of linen or
something hanging on the hook to
the right of it.
We see an iron pot with the the
lid kind of off kilter tilted
inside and a metal spoon used
for stirring, a big metal spoon.
And then we see a drawing which
looks like a drawing of the
family that we saw in the
picture.
And then we had a tea kettle
that's steaming and it's white
and it looks like it's made of
ceramic of some sort. We have a
cup of tea that's got a slight
chip in it and then what looked
like maybe postcards on the
table. And then there is an open
suitcase with some folded items
and then we're kind of back at
the image of that family.
And then on the right, we have
kind of all these things coming
together in a bigger picture.
And so those were the details.
And now we're kind of zooming
out into the big picture that we
see. It's a room and we're kind
of back to the packing of that
suitcase.
And in the center of the room
are the man and the woman from
the picture standing over the
suitcase that was packed. And
the woman has her hand on top of
the man. So it seems like either
the man is leaving or the woman
is leaving, but we aren't sure
who.
And now we're at an image of the
little girl from the picture. So
she's in bed, sleeping with her
covers kind of pulled up to her
chin.
And the sun is just kind of
peeking through. She sits up and
rubs her eyes. She's downstairs
eating a bowl of something with
a spoon.
And she's sitting in a chair,
and she kind of looks to her
left and she sees the suitcase
there. And then she sees her dad
putting on her hat. Her mom is
putting on the white. He's the
fabric, which we now know is
that headscarf. And then we see
the little girl getting helped
to put her clothing on. So she's
putting on some sort of head
covering, and it's getting
buttoned up to her chin, putting
on boots. And then she picks up
the suitcase to hand it to her
dad. And there then walking down
a darker city street with the
doorway and stairs.
And you see the shadow of a a
large like tentacle or tail that
kind of has some spikes.
Sticking out of it.
So they're walking. The little
girl looks up. She looks a
little scared. She looks down.
She's holding the hands of her
parents.
They're approaching a train
station, so the train is looks
like a like a little, must be a
coal engine training. It's got
black smoke coming out of it,
but it's an older model train
and there is a woman wearing
like a white apron and some
other folks dressed for travel.
There's like parcels and
suitcases.
Scattered about, ready to board
the train, and you see the
little girl.
With her dad's hand on her
shoulder as she's talking to her
and he takes off his hat and
shows the little origami bird
that had been on their mantle.
So he gives it to her, she holds
it, and he gives her a big hug
and she's looking at him. And
then the woman is crying, she's
wiping her tears, and then she
hugs her husband. He looks like
he says something to her, he's
kissing the side of her
forehead. And then we see now
that it's the dad who is
leaving, so he's hopping up onto
the train.
And he sticks his hand out and
holds on to his family as it
departs. And then we see the
train getting smaller and
smaller into the distance as it
goes away.
So now we see that the man is
traveling. He has the picture of
his family up and he's eating a
bowl of something while looking
at his picture. And then we see
that he's actually on a ship and
we're looking at him through the
side of a porthole window. So
it's circular and you can see
the bolts around the outside and
it kind of zooms out and you see
that it's a large ship. It looks
like the Titanic with it being
black on the bottom, white on
the top and some large.
Milk stacks. So he's traveling,
we assume, across an ocean or a
sea or something, on something
so large. #END_arrival_1
OK.
So that was a part of the story
and we'll move on to the next
item.
OK.
So, oh, I remember this one, OK,
sort of. I don't remember. I was
going with this story, but I
remember the pictures that
they're cute. #START_arrival_5
So we are in a village that is
on the border of a waterway of
some sort and there is like a
long ramp that is lined with
different like row boats and we
see a rowboat approaching this
ramp and the village is most
significant for a large
structure that is in the shape
of.
Like an owl. And there are
several other smaller kind of
bird owl like structures. And
then there are buildings. And I
think I remember the last time I
said that it looks like the city
from the movie Bruno. Yeah, I
thought is that no Luca from the
movie Luca where like the little
seaside village and there's a
bunch of birds in the air and so
we see them dock and we see a
man tying the rope around a
little.
Like figurine.
And a man in white kind of leads
the man in black off and they
start to head up the stairs with
a little boy. And so we see the
little axle idle slash, cat,
rat, whatever it is, creature,
and then a different creature
that is black.
Um, the boy is carrying a bowl
of something, and he approaches
a woman and hands the woman this
bowl. And then the man in white
approaches the woman and she
embraces him and he kisses her.
So we assume that they know each
other. And then the man in Black
gets introduced, so we assume
that he is kind of the new
member. They shake hands and the
woman invites them in. She pours
them a drink, and so they're all
drinking out of small cups, a
small pore. So it looks like
it's an alcohol of some sort.
Or achieve. And then she starts
to take the items out of the
basket. So they're different
creatures, not foods that are
identifiable.
And at least not in my culture,
but she starts to cut them with
a cleaver and is grading them
and it's beginning to prepare a
meal. So she's using a cup and
like a pastry brush to paint
some sort of marinade or butter
or something on them.
And they're kind of sitting at a
table enjoying each other's
company, enjoying the meal. The
man is using a tool that has
like.
Fire coming out of the end to
like quick roast. One of the
items we see like a large
dumpling on the table and.
Like a tentacle we see in the
center. There is what looks like
a bottle of wine or champagne
that's being kept cool, like an
ice bucket.
Um, and the little boy is
sitting at the end of the table
and he's giving scraps to the
two creatures, and the other
creature looks like a fox a
little bit, but with a long
tail. And so they're all just
laughing, enjoying each other's
company. The man is telling a
story, the woman's laughing. The
other man is telling a story,
and then the man in white whips
out like a concertina that has
kind of horns sticking out of
it. So it's even more of a
hybrid instrument.
Woman plays like a flute with a
horn on the end and the boy
plays like a banjo mandolin and
and then the man in black takes
out paper and starts to fold
origami and so he folds an
origami shape.
Of the like the fox like
creature and gives it to the
boy.
And then the man in white goes
into a cupboard and pulls out
like a Terra cotta jar of
something, and he and his wife
are holding in their hands and
they're presenting it.
Yeah.
Now we just seen the jar and
it's sitting.
Umm.
Oh, OK, so we just see the jar
and it's sitting on a table and
we kind of zoom out.
And the man is waking up and
he's kind of rubbing his eyes.
The day breaks, his Little
axolotl creature pops onto his
lap and the man gives him a nice
pat on the head and he starts to
get ready for the day. So he
buttons up his white collared
shirt and he starts to cut open
some sort of fruit or item that
has like the stem that looks
like a bell pepper.
And then he's sitting at a
counter and has his food on the
plate with the knife on the side
and his sleeves are rolled up
and he gives a piece of food to
his little creature pet. And
then he starts to get ready for
the day. So he puts on his suit
coat and and his creature gives
him his hat and then they come
to.
Like a town square and it is a
little like hazy outside and we
see people as silhouettes mostly
and so we're seeing them from
the back.
And there are like banners and
like little creatures flying in
the air. And we see a lot of
these people have a companion
pet just like the man does.
We see some men working out what
looks like.
A power plant and we see a man
feeding some fish or birds from
a wicker basket.
We see a woman selling.
Some sort of items to two other
people, both of which are
wearing hats.
And we see a man who's working
on it looks like a tapestry or
ceramics, but he's putting
patterns onto something.
We have a man who's standing on
a walk tall wooden ladder who is
using a paintbrush and painting
a design. And then we have a
woman who is probably selling
items off of like a street cart
and so it's got like 4 large
wooden wheels and it's kind of a
wagon.
Of sorts. And then we see our
main man, who is wearing his
suit coat. He has this hat in
his hand and his little
creatures by his side, and they
approach a man who looks like a
chef.
Who is holding a bowl and has a
spoon and he's got an apron on
and he's in mostly white with a
white pointy hat and then he
goes and talks to another man
who is working in a boiler.
And the boiler man is wearing
glasses and has.
Like an old school had on and
sleeves are rolled and he's got
a little creature companion and
that looks like an alligator
who's holding a wrench. And then
he goes and talks to a woman and
what looks like an apothecary.
And she has a shelf of a lot of
different items behind her. And
there are bowls on the counter
that have like.
Small creatures. We don't know
if the creatures are real or if
they're like.
Little figurines, but they're
having.
A conversation. It's hard to
tell if they're agreeing on
something or disagreeing because
the woman has her hands up at
the man, but then we see him
continue on to what looks like a
shipyard.
And there are lots of men
working around. See a large
propeller in the sky, and some
men on some like cables and.
More of those little creatures,
and then we see more of those
ships in the background.
#END_arrival_5
OK.
So we're gonna go on to the next
one, OK?
And this is a complex scene.
Please take roughly between
three and five minutes. I'll
keep track of the time and just
please describe it in detail.
And whenever you're ready, you
can start.
#START_airport OK, so the
overall picture of this scene is
like an airport and a tarmac.
And we get to see at the very
bottom, it's like the inside of
the airport, so the different
terminals.
And then in the center of the
scene is the tarmac where planes
are being loaded and then in the
upper left hand side is where
like the Control Center is.
And so in the bottom.
The the walls of this airport
are like a yellowish beige and
the carpeting is like a pinkish,
and we see people.
Of all sorts carrying luggage
waiting in line.
Talking to some of the airline
officials who are wearing.
um on the right hand side,
they're wearing red suit
jackets. On the left, they look
more like police and are wearing
blue uniforms and are being
searched. And we see like a
conveyor belt on the left that's
in a circular motion with
different items on it. We see a
man who is being stopped by one
of the policemen and he's
opening his coat and it has a
bunch of knives in it. So TSA
did good work there.
And then as we're kind of
approaching the middle area, we
see kind of a big.
Um, commercial airliner in the
center. That's kind of the main
focal point.
There are people getting off the
airplane directly onto the
tarmac from like a stairwell
coming out of the side of the
plane. And then there are people
who are working on the plane.
One is standing on the wing. We
have people at the bottom who
are getting luggage out of the.
A storage unit of the plane
using a ramp, and then they're
throwing it on to one of those.
And it's like a small.
It's run by like a little car,
but it's like a train, so it has
like 5 units and they're
stacking luggage on there and
then there's another person
who's on like a lift.
Looks like he is unloading stuff
into the jet and then we see a
fuel chuck that a fuel truck
that is red.
And with a hose coming out of
it, we see another one of those
luggage trains.
On the left we see like a
transport bus that is blue with
people getting on. We have a
green.
Truck of sorts, but I'm not sure
what it's supposed to be doing.
It looks like its hose got
disconnected and is leaking.
Um, and the far right. We see
another kind of commercial
airliner that looks a little
smaller and we have people
falling out of the door because
the stairwell is in the wrong
place.
There's like a.
Wooden biplane.
That has.
Ace of Spades on the back of it.
And what looks like like a bat
like Dracula hanging upside down
on the left hand side of the
wing.
And we see like a fire truck
putting out people with a hose.
And then on the far right we see
another jet with the nose of the
jet open and there are two
people standing there. There are
a couple more jets. One is
yellow, one that has blue
stripes, one has mint green in
the background. You can see it.
An airplane that's being loaded
up with some elephants. There is
one helicopter, there is a, a
line of flags. We've got
Britain, we've got.
USA We've got France, we've got
Germany, we've got some flags on
the ground, and then we have a
hot air balloon, and then
there's a blimp in the sky, a
fighter jet in the sky, and a
couple more airplanes in the
sky. And then in the left hand
sky there's a UFO. #END_airport
OK, that's good.
Next.
It's another story, so just
describe what you see and what
is happening.
#START_return OK, so this story
looks like it begins where we're
appearing into the side of an
apartment complex.
It looks like it's all one unit,
so this is.
Uh.
Like a family's unit. And so in
the upper left hand room we
have.
What I assume is the dad who is.
He looks like he's maybe like an
architect or an artist or
something. He's at a drawing
board and he's sitting on a
rolling chair. There's a small
door in the room and a red kite.
And then in the middle area we
see a stairwell and just kind of
like a couch and a TV and a
sitting room. In the right we
see a.
I can't tell if it's a bedroom
or a bathroom. I think it's a
bathroom, but there's like a
small little.
Maybe it's a bathtub with a cat
on it, and then on the right
there's a a pedestal sink.
And then the bottom right hand
we see a bedroom that has a
child in it who is drawing a
like an archway or a doorway on
the wall with a red marker. The
red is very vibrant compared to
the other colors. So it's one
thing to note, room is a
standard child, you know, like a
twin size bed.
And then in the middle, bottom
unit, we have the kitchen where
we see, you know, bottom is
white with a stove and a little.
A hood for ventilation, and then
there's some brown cabinets at
the top, and then the left is
kind of an entryway that has
like a little Tiffany lamp on a
small blue side table, a plant.
And then?
On the far left of the page, you
just kind of see the City
Street. And so we're kind of
going back to this child,
there's a crown on their head
and they're, they're drawing on
the wall.
OK, so that kite that was going
by the dad was the bright red
that the girl was drawing with.
And so the dad turns around and
he sees the kite and he goes and
picks it up and he walks out of
the room, leaving the kite
there. And then we see him enter
the child's room, the as he gets
there, he sees the doorway that
she drew has become a true
doorway, and it's open and
there's some light shining out
of it. So he's kind of peering
in.
Bending over.
So he enters to the doorway, and
it comes out of the base of a
large tree. So it's in the
bottom of the trunk of a tree,
and they're kind of in this
fantastical forest land where
there's these tall.
Brilliant trees everywhere. And
then there's like Edison light
bulbs, like porch lights hanging
from the trees, and then there's
also some paper lanterns
hanging. And then it looks like
little fireflies are kind of
glowing as well. So there's a
lot of nice ambiance light. And
there's a small Creek with a
little bit of a a dock and we
can see there's like a red ball,
the same red as the doorway on
the edge of the dock.
So the man goes over there and
he picks up the ball and he
looks to his right and he sees a
large structure coming towards
him and it's.
In the shape of like a little.
Um, like a sea dragon, almost.
It's got.
Green eyes and the front of it
is gold, and then it's flat in
the middle, so it's floating on
the water like it's a boat. And
then the back is purple for the
tail. And so it approaches the
dad who's standing on the dock.
He hops on and then it starts to
continue floating down the
river.
So the dad is riding it and he
comes to a large like castle,
kind of.
Structure there's.
Um, a big archway. There's like.
Circular or like.
Cylindrical towers that have,
they're all made-up like brick
and stone. There's big bridges
with archways. There's tall
buildings that look like bells
would be in them. There's large
domes that are coated in gold.
So it's you can tell that it's
like a wealthy kind of castle.
And then there's flags at the
tip of every building, and he's
approaching through the waterway
and through a gate, and as he's
coming up to it, we see going
over a bridge.
Is the little girl in a small
red boat.
Kind of heading towards the
right hand side of.
This area, so it's not towards
the main city of this castle,
it's kind of off to the side.
So the dad catches up with the
girl.
And he sees the girl's boat is
docked and she's heading up the
stairs. And so the dad heads up
the stairs and he's kind of
hopping out of the dock, chasing
after her, trying to catch up.
And we see now that there's a
little boy there, too.
And a small purple bird, and the
girl has a red crayon in her
hand. The boy has a purple
crayon and we see what looks
like an emperor.
So it's a man in a long yellow
robe with.
A red kind of overlay and then a
white beard and then he's
wearing a gold crown. At the
bottom right of that scene we
see kind of two guards, or at
least Cafe Castle servicemen who
are both holding horns.
And so.
We see the little girl. She kind
of looks away from her dad like
she's kind of mad that he's
there. And the dad is
approaching the emperor, who we
now see is wearing a sash that
has four colored crayons on him.
So he's got blue-green, yellow
and orange.
And the dad's kind of coming up
to him, so the little girl
doesn't seem too happy that her
dad is there.
So then all of a sudden.
Some people come out of this
ship that the dad had been
riding on.
It's like a Trojan horse, and
there's like green backing to
it, so it it looks a little
sinister and they look like
they're ready to fight. They
look like army men and they're
running up the stairs towards
the the boy, the girl, the dad
and the emperor.
Um, and so one of them kind of
pulls out what looks like a gun
and is aiming it at the Emperor,
and the emperor holds up his
orange crayon.
The emperor quickly swipes
Crayon.
Across from him and it turned
into a sword and he holds the
sword up to the person we now
see is holding some sort of
device that has like a crank
handle and almost like a
suction.
Ending to it it's it almost
looks like a like a stage light,
but it handheld and it's like.
And then this person too looks
like they're important because
they're wearing like a large
golden helmet that is very
ornate.
And decorated on top anyways.
The Emperor draws the sword and
kind of holds the southern man
at Sword Point and he kind of
backs away. But then all of a
sudden the man starts to crank
this device and it sucks all the
crayons from the emperor.
And then two guards take the
Emperor, and the man with the
device goes running.
So he's chasing after the little
girl and the little boy. The
little girl is holding the
purple bird, and the little boy
is drawing something. And then
we see that the boy had drawn
what looks like a.
It's like a bird slash horse.
So it's got the face of a bird,
it's got the wings of a bird.
But it has the body of a horse,
but it still has the talons of a
bird.
Maybe it's a lion, I can't tell.
The tail looks lion like so.
Maybe it's a bird slash lion,
but they hop on top of it and
it's purple and it's flying off
into the moonlight and we see
the man with the device kind of
reaching out towards them as
they're getting away and we also
see like a small little island
in the background.
So they are flying.
And.
It looks like the ship that the
men had come on can also fly
because it is now chasing them
through the sky and the man is
using that little suction device
that he has to try to suck up.
The the creature that the boy
had drawn, and as he's using it
the the man manages to kind of
suck away the crayon. So we see
the boys purple crayon floating
through the air as they're
trying to escape while still
riding on this creature.
So it sucks up.
The creature completely, and we
start to see the boy, the girl
and the dad fall, and the
emperor catches the boy.
And it's holding on to him off
the side of the ship that the
bad people are on. And the dad
and the girl are holding hands
as they fall. And the girl
starts to lose her crown, and
the dad is holding the hand,
which the girl is holding the
red crayon in. She still has the
purple bird under her left arm.
So they fall and they land in
the water.
Probably hurt like cement when
they landed, but they apparently
lived and she starts to Draw
Something and it's shaped.
Umm.
Take a long cylinder. It looks
like the end of like a pipette
but without the long tube part.
And so it's like the bulb end of
a pipette. And so she's drawing
and they're inside of it.
So she draws this, and we see
that she ended up drawing a very
interesting this girl's
talented. She drew a very
intricate submarine.
Umm.
It's got several levels and so
the girl's in the top level
looking out of like the eye hole
to watch where they're going and
then the dad is in the bottom
level and it's got a large
propeller at the bottom and they
are approaching land and you
just kind of see like coral and
different.
Plants and like sand structures
as they're making their way
through the water in this red
submarine.
So they come to a cave and they
kind of pull their submarine up
and park it on the left hand
side. They climb out and The
Cave has what looks like cave
paintings inside of it. And so
we see they're all in white and
it's hard to make out what the
pictures are saying, but the the
girl and the dad are kind of
looking up at them.
Yeah.
So the girl notices one picture,
and so she runs over and points
to her dad and it looks like
what's going on to them. So that
The Cave painting depicts a
person holding what looks like
the sucking device and it
depicts them stealing the
crayons.
So it's showing that maybe this
has happened before.
Now the dad is kind of looking
at the remainder of the pictures
to see what else has Like maybe
it'll tell you what you need to
do to get them back, or who
knows. So it kind of shows the
image of a person inside of
something, and it does show the
little purple bird.
Doing some sort of part and so
the dad.
Grabs.
I guess the dad has a.
One of the crayons he looks like
he has the black one and he
points out to the bird and he
starts to draw a rectangle
around it and then like a little
bird swing that the bird can sit
on. So the bird is sitting on it
and the little girl looks very
confused as to what her dad is
doing.
We see that the the bad people
have kind of made it to their
cavern, and the bird is sitting
on its little swing. And the man
with the sucking device runs up
and tries to suck the bird with
it. And as he runs up um we
realized that it's more like a
trap. And so he he runs into it,
the bird flies, it gets sucked
in. But as the man gets into the
center, the the sides that used
to be the ramp fold up and close
in, and so now it's a cage.
And that he is stuck inside and
the dad and the girl have the
sucking device in their hands
with the man stuck in this cage.
So the dad goes and smashes the
stacking device on the ground
and a bunch of colors come
shooting out like strips of
rainbow, and we see the
creatures that had been made
kind of fly out and there's like
a a big kind of white burst of
light and it looks like.
Like all different color
butterflies and things. And the
Emperor and the boy are running
and kind of standing back in
awe. And then the two other
guards are on the ship just kind
of looking like ahhhh.
So the guards drive off on their
little.
boat and all the colourful
creatures kind of.
Follow them while carrying the
main guy with the sucking device
who no longer has it in.
The cage.
And so on the next page, we see
the Emperor and the boy standing
together, and then the girl and
the dad hugging while they're at
a doorway that has the tail of
the red kite kind of sticking
out of it. And it's a small
doorway, like in Coraline.
and so they crawl out.
And we realize that the small
door that they crawled out of is
the doorway that I mentioned in
the beginning, that is in the
dad's office.
And so they're back home now in
their apartment, and it looks
like they went outside to fly
the kite. #END_return
All right. That's good.
OK.
You can go on do a few more, OK.
The next one is a complex scene.
So again, describe it as
thoroughly as you can, but take
between three and five minutes.
Whenever you're ready, you can
start.
#START_escape_from_the_zoo OK,
so here we have the scene of a
zoo. So we've got some different
animal enclosures in the upper
right hand corner and there are
some like gorillas sitting on
like some rocks and some grass
and then.
On the right hand side, below
that, we have a giraffe
enclosure with some antelope and
an anteater.
And then in the below that we
have a walkway with people
running on it because a rhino
escaped and so that rhino is
chasing them.
To the left of where the
gorillas are sitting, we have
like a cafe and a shop.
And there are people there. And
then kind of just outside that,
there's like a little ice cream
stand that's in the shape of an
ice cream cone. So it's pink on
top and it is.
Beige on the bottom to look like
a cone, and there's a man
serving ice cream out of it, and
there's a kid getting ice cream.
And we see that there are
walkways all over and another
animal has escaped in the upper
walkway, behind the ice cream
cone there's a kangaroo. Kind of
on the walkway there, to the
left of where the cafe is,
there's an enclosure that has
elephants and ostriches in it.
And to the left of that there is
a polar bear enclosure. So we've
got polar bears in the water and
then some sitting on some rocks.
Um, and then in the center of
the page and kind of area there
is an icy enclosure, but we
don't see any animals in there.
But it's kind of structured like
an iceberg with little holes in
it for the animals to go into.
Um and then on the left hand
side we have an enclosure that
has two zebras and like a
Pelican and some flamingos and a
hippo in the water.
And then we have more people in
a walkway. We see a Peacock is
in the walkway.
with Its feathers out and a
person is taking a picture of it
and through the feathers there's
a Penguin kind of sticking its
head.
I'm starting to realize there's
kind of Penguins hidden
throughout the whole image, so I
assume that the Penguins were
supposed to be in the middle.
Enclosure, and they must have
escaped. And then in the bottom
enclosure there are lions and
like a Prairie dog. And it looks
like some people fell into the
lion enclosure while trying to
escape the rhino that was
running. And so the lions are
what the the female lion is
looking at them like, Oh no. And
the male lion is licking his
chops thinking that he's got a
free meal. And and then one
other item in this picture is.
We have a gentleman just outside
of the giraffe enclosure who is
serving hot dogs from the hot
dog stand with a red and yellow
umbrella.
#END_escape_from_the_zoo
OK.
All right. Moving on.
Books.
#START_wild_west OK, so this is.
What looks like I don't... like
the wild Wild West is what this
is titled.
And and there are a bunch of
buildings, and it's all very
brightly colored and very
closely packed together.
And so on the bottom left, we
have a jail and it's made out of
like white stone and we see some
wanted posters on the side and
there's a bunch of people kind
of outside the jail, like
Cowboys leaning up against the
building.
Um, there's a small horse
outside.
Like painting a picture of a.
Covered wagon.
And then as we kind of move away
from that, the building adjacent
to the jail is a hotel and it's
two stories.
There aren't any walls to this
hotel.
And it looks a little
disheveled, like the people
inside all the the tables are
knocked over. A man looks like
he just shot a gun because
there's smoke kind of floating
out of it. And the building
adjacent to that is a saloon.
And we have two people standing
on the roof of the bottom part
of the saloon who are dueling,
and underneath that we have.
Like under the covered part of
the saloon, there are people
just kind of standing around.
Um.
To the right of the saloon
there's half of a general store
and we see a general standing
outside of it. So that's funny.
And then above the general store
we have.
Another saloon, but this is
called tame east saloon and this
one is blue. And again, there
are people kind of standing on
the roof, people dueling. There
are covered wagons parked
outside that have been like
patched up.
And there's another saloon to
the right of that. Another
hotel, and another there's a lot
of saloons. This place likes
their saloons.
On the left hand side of the
page there's some mines and it
looks like they're gold mines
and there are lots of people
going into those.
Um, and it looks like this might
be a movie set, which is why
things aren't full. And on the
left hand side you can see a man
with a camera, and on the right
hand side you see the same, and
at the top of the page you see
the same. So we assume that this
is a movie set.
Which is why the buildings
aren't whole. On the right hand
side of the page there is a
locomotive train with some smoke
billowing out of it, and there
is like some sort of wagon in
the center of the train tracks.
It looks like it's about to get
hit by the train.
There is a bank with Cowboys and
pioneer women.
And then there's another
building that's being painted
red. So it used to be yellow and
blue and now it's red. There's
another saloon with people on
the roof, and they all have.
Bags of money. So we assume that
they stole from the bank.
They're dressed like bandits.
They have bandanas over their
face.
Um we get right hand side and
there's another saloon and then
to the top of the page there's
like a backdrop that looks like
a sunset and we see a man on a
White Horse who's riding towards
it and then there is a stable
that has some horses in it. And
then kind of scattered
throughout all these buildings
are just different towns folk
dressed in different.
Like character costumes that fit
the wild Wild West theme.
#END_wild_west OK, that was
great.
Um.
This will be the last one that
we do today, OK.
#START_deep_sea_divers So this
one is the image of the ocean,
but it's from the side and it's
almost like you're looking at it
through like.
Aquarium tank. And so you see
the top of the water, you see a
little bit of sky and then you
see the ocean and then the ocean
floor. And so on top of the
water we see there are some
rocks and then there are people
in boats and the boats are
striped, either red and white,
blue and white or green and
white. And there are people in
various combinations of those
stripes inside of the boats and
they are fishing. And then they
are fishing people fishing off
the sides of.
The rocks as well, and then one
of the rocks is covered in a
bunch of blonde mermaids.
So that's kind of on top of the
water and then in the water we
have people swimming.
And mermaids and it looks like
the people swimming are attached
to ropes.
That the fishermen have.
So they're kind of swimming all
over grabbing different things.
There is a bunch of colorful
coral reef at the bottom that's.
Yellow and pink. There is a
large like stonefish on the
bottom that a couple of them are
petting. There's a treasure
chest that has a creature inside
of it. On the bottom left
there's a.
Piece of coral that almost looks
like a human hand.
And there's a lot of red fish,
yellow fish, orange fish, and
some of these fish are making
shapes together. So we have like
a school of fish that make the
image of a bigger fish. And then
we have a fish school of fish
that makes the image of a smiley
face. And we have a school of
fish that make the image of
three arrows pointing to the
right.
Um.
There are.
There's like a lot of small
details in here, so there's
like.
They have Nets that they're
going around with. Some of the
fish have got in the Nets.
Um.
And that's pretty much, it's
chaotic, but that's pretty much
it, just a lot of fish and a lot
of people swimming around in the
ocean. #END_deep_sea_divers
Yeah, OK.
OK, cool. So thank you for your
time today.
Thank you.
Let's stop.